What makes a work a piece of e-literature?

I think I know enough to know that this is not a simple question, but not enough to know how to answer it. Maybe a provisional definition could be that e-literature consists of works that are trying to remediate pre existing media into the digital space. That could be things like interactive fiction, webcomics, web serials, movies that have like one of those naff little interactive title screens, etc. I think connotatively what seems more relevant to e-literature is also that it directly engages with the possibilites afforded by digital media, and so includes things like hypertext or branching options. 

Of the key texts I only read First Draft of the Revolution. I really liked it and plan to finish it. It's an epistolary work set in pre revolutionary France where magic exists and can be used to communicate instantaneously but also for surveillance. In each chapter you have a draft letter in front of you and you have to click around to change the letter to be more appropriate. The main character, Juliette, censors herself both in accordance with christian morality and in fear of the authority of her husband. He orders her around, but also has access to magical powers that she does not. This works really well with the drafting aspect, as people take their blunt thoughts and unconcealed agendas and soften them, or try to engage in misdirection. Despite the fact that she is one being surveilled, Juliette has so far been able to resist detection by her husband while also understanding the true motivations and secrets of others  (at least in what I have read/the path I went down, if there is one). 

I hope that in this class I can learn more about twine games and also parser games. I've heard a lot about them (especially from a podcast called Game Studies Study Buddies), and played/read things that are directly inspired by them (Kentucky Route Zero, Homestuck) but I've never really had a chance to look into them myself. I also think it will be interesting to learn how to code, something I attempted once *long* ago but never had any success with. I once made a *Snake* clone that was so bad it should have been called *Worm*. I've always had a pipe dream of working on a big video gamey project with lots of writing on it, so this is a good step in that direction. 
